# Privacy Policy

### Software Information

YesWriter is a feature-rich writing and note-taking app that can be used for writing, novel creation, note-taking, journaling, to-do lists, and more. It is designed to inspire your imagination and creativity.

### Information We May Collect
YesWriter does not collect your private information. It only queries the following content unrelated to your personal information:

- **Device Information**: Android version number, Android ID, OpenUDID, OAID, GUID, IDFA, SIM card IMSI, ICCID, location information, network information, etc. These data will be automatically reported when the program crashes or during app operation statistics and analysis, to help us understand the bugs in the application version and related device models, facilitate developers to reproduce and solve problems, improve the stability of the software, and assist in app operation statistics and analysis. We cannot and cannot locate specific users or devices through this information.

- **Error Logs**: Relevant code stack information automatically generated by the Android system when the program crashes, which we will automatically report to the Umeng platform. [Umeng Privacy Policy](https://www.umeng.com/page/policy)

### Information You Provide
The **basic functions of YesWriter do not require membership registration**. If you need to use the Pro version, registration is required. We provide the following registration methods:

- Email registration, requiring you to provide an **email address** and set a password.
- Third-party registration, including WeChat, QQ, requiring authorization from third-party applications, and obtaining **unique identifiers**, **avatars**, **nicknames**, and other information.

**Note**: If you register a YesWriter account in YesWriter (this is not necessary), your password will be stored in hashed form on the YesWriter server. We do not store your password plaintext, and hashing cannot reverse your password plaintext. In other words, no one can know your password plaintext because we do not store it anywhere, and without storage, there is no possibility of leakage or viewing by others.

### Permissions Requested
- **Read and write storage space in specific external folders**: Not full access, YesWriter only stores images, audios, and backed-up data downloaded by users in specific folders. YesWriter will only have read and write permissions for this directory. We will not read any other file content without your knowledge.

- **Camera permission**: We request this permission when you insert images into notes and use the camera to take photos.

- **Read fingerprint permission**: We will request this permission when you set a fingerprint password lock. After authorization, you can use fingerprints to unlock the application or notes.

- **Notification bar permission**: We will request this permission when you use the to-do list notification function. After authorization, to-do items will be displayed in the notification bar.

- **Read WiFi connection status**: Some functions will distinguish between Wi-Fi networks and data networks to perform data backup operations under Wi-Fi networks to save traffic.

### Third-party SDKs Used
- Alipay SDK: Alipay payment, [Alipay SDK Privacy Statement](https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/54/01g6qm)

- WeChat Payment SDK: WeChat payment, [WeChat Payment Privacy Policy](https://www.tencent.com/zh-cn/privacy-policy.html)

- Google Billing SDK: Google payment method SDK, [Privacy Policy](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/10281818)

- Dropbox SDK: Dropbox cloud storage SDK, [Privacy Policy](https://www.dropbox.com/privacy)

- Sardine SDK, WebDAV cloud storage protocol SDK, [Open Source Repository](https://github.com/lookfirst/sardine)

- Umeng SDK, statistical analysis, crash log collection, [Privacy Policy](https://www.umeng.com/page/policy)

- Third-party login SDK: Authorization login via third-party platforms, collecting **avatars**, **nicknames**, **unique IDs** from WeChat, QQ platforms.

### Data and Backup
YesWriter provides two backup methods: local backup and cloud backup. By default, YesWriter does not automatically back up. YesWriter only supports third-party cloud drives as your cloud backup space. YesWriter does not provide official cloud backup services, so you can set your Google Drive, Dropbox, and other cloud drives as YesWriter' cloud backup service space. Backup data will be saved in **.dnotes** format in the specified location, such as your Google Drive or designated folder on your device.

**Note: Backup data can only be opened and viewed through YesWriter.**

### Copyright of Works
YesWriter is only a creative tool, and the works you create in it belong entirely to you. The copyright and other rights of the works are entirely owned by you.

### How to Cancel Account
If you need to cancel your YesWriter account, please go to YesWriter - My - YesWriter Pro, click on the currently logged-in account, click the top more button of the login information, and select "Cancel Account".

### Updates to This Policy
We may periodically modify and update this privacy policy. You can visit this page at any time to check the latest version of the privacy policy.

### Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy, or encounter any problems and suggestions while using YesWriter, please send an email to wuhuibiji@163.com, and we will do our best to serve you.

Release Date: Wuhui Technology Co., Ltd.

Effective Date: Wuhui Technology Co., Ltd.

Updated Date: Wuhui Technology Co., Ltd.

Huizhou Wuhui Technology Co., Ltd.